# SpectorSec

SpectorSec is a powerful and comprehensive security tool designed for website vulnerability assessment and bug hunting. It provides a wide range of scanning modules and advanced techniques to identify potential security vulnerabilities in web applications. With SpectorSec, security professionals and bug hunters can efficiently analyze websites for common security issues and enhance their overall security posture.

## Features

- Subdomain Enumeration: Discover subdomains associated with the target website using Subfinder.
- Port Scanning: Perform port scanning and service detection using Nmap.
- XSS Scanning: Detect Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities using XSStrike.
- SQL Injection Scanning: Identify SQL injection vulnerabilities using SQLMap.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/Andraxpentester/SpectorSec.git
   ```

2. Install the required tools:

   - subfinder: `sudo apt-get install subfinder`
   - nmap: `sudo apt-get install nmap`
   - XSStrike: `sudo apt-get install xsstrike`
   - sqlmap: `sudo apt-get install sqlmap`

3. Install the required Python packages:

   ```shell
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

1. Run the tool:

   ```shell
   python spectorsec.py
   ```

2. Follow the on-screen prompts to enter the target website URL and choose the scanning options.

3. View the scan results and potential vulnerabilities in the output files generated by each scanning module.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions, bug reports, or want to add new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request. Before contributing, please review the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

SpectorSec is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## About the Author

SpectorSec is developed and maintained by [Syed Zada Abrar](https://github.com/Andraxpentester), a passionate bug hunter and security enthusiast with expertise in web application security. With a focus on automation and employing advanced security techniques, Your Name aims to provide a robust and effective tool for fellow bug hunters and security professionals.

## Contact

For any inquiries or feedback, please reach out to [andraxpentester@gmail.com](mailto:andraxpentester@gmail.com).
```
